jQuery is a fast, lightweight, and feature-rich JavaScript library that is based on the principle "write less, 
do more". It's easy-to-use APIs makes the things like HTML document traversal and manipulation, event handling, 
adding animation effects to a web page much simpler that works seamlessly across all the major browsers like 
Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Internet Explorer, etc.
jQuery also gives you the ability to create an Ajax based application in a quick and simple way. Big companies 
like Google, Microsoft and IBM are using the jQuery for their applications. So you can easily understand how 
popular and powerful the jQuery is?

jQuery was originally created by John Resig in early 2006. The jQuery project is currently run and maintained 
by a distributed group of developers as an open-source project.

What You Can Do with jQuery
There are lot more things you can do with jQuery.

You can easily select elements to perform manipulation.
You can easily create effect like show or hide elements, sliding transition, and so on.
You can easily create complex CSS animation with fewer lines of code.
You can easily manipulate DOM elements and their attributes.
You can easily implement Ajax to enable asynchronous data exchange between client and server.
You can easily traverse all around the DOM tree to locate any element.
You can easily perform multiple actions on an element with a single line of code.
You can easily get or set dimensions of the HTML elements.

Advantages of Using jQuery
If you're not familiar with jQuery, you might be wondering what makes jQuery so special. There are several 
advantages why one should opt for jQuery:

Save lots of time — You can save lots of time and efforts by using the jQuery inbuilt effects and selectors 
and concentrate on other development work.
Simplify common JavaScript tasks — jQuery considerably simplifies the common JavaScript tasks. Now you can 
easily create feature rich and interactive web pages with fewer lines of codes, a typical example is 
implementing Ajax to update the content of a page without refreshing it.
Easy to use — jQuery is very easy to use. Anybody with the basic working knowledge of HTML, CSS and JavaScript 
can start development with jQuery.
Compatible with browsers — jQuery is created with modern browsers in mind and it is compatible with all major 
modern browsers such as Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Internet Explorer, etc.
Absolutely Free — And the best part is, it is completely free to download and use.

setup jquery:
Including jQuery from CDN:
CDNs can offer a performance benefit by reducing the loading time, because they are hosting jQuery on 
multiple servers spread across the globe and when a user requests the file, it will be served from the 
server nearest to them.

This also offers an advantage that if the visitor to your webpage has already downloaded a copy of jQuery 
from the same CDN while visiting other sites, it won't have to be re-downloaded since it is already there 
in the browser's cache.

Add google cdn link- before javascript link
<script src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/3.6.0/jquery.min.js"></script>

